## Random Password Generator+ (RPG+)

## RPG+ Summary:
Random Password Generator+ (RPG+) is a program that allows its users to 
generate a random password of a length from 16 to 32 characters long and 
assign it to an alphanumeric tag which is provided by the user (ex: users can 
have multiple different social media accounts and can assign tags like 
instaFood2, instaSoccer1 to the respective passwords). The program dictates 
that a password must be a minimum of 16 characters long and a maximum length 
of 32 and the tag can be 2 to 15 characters long. All number ranges are 
inclusive. Users must specify how many uppercase, lowercase, digits and 
punctuations characters should be in the password. The range for characters 
can vary from 4-8 for each selection type. While taking inputs from a user 
the program validates all the user input against the criteria mentioned 
above (every leading and/trailing whitespace are stripped). RPG+ also 
allows a user to get hold of the hashed version of the generated password 
along with the plain password and of course with the provided tag name. 
RPG+ stores all hashed password in a text file and guarantees that it will 
not store plain passwords that were generated at any given time. Users can 
also come in anytime and enter a plain password of their choice and get a 
hash value of it, entered password must be at least 1 character long. It is 
guaranteed that if a user generates a password and enter the same password 
to generate the hash value sometime later, then the hash value will always be 
same. RPG+ assures its users that it only stores the hash if and only if the 
password was generated by the RPG+, it does not store hash of the user 
entered password (RPG+ indicates when a password is stored or not).  The 
program will optionally come with an empty text file to store hashed 
passwords, if none then program will generate one automatically in the 
directory where the program is running. Finally, a user can run a report on 
the password storage text file to generate a report and print the content 
of it. If the users run the report command and the file is missing or 
content is empty, then a message will be print to the console to let the 
user know. Report includes total number of unique tags, total tags, total 
unique hash passwords and total hash passwords.
(All passwords and tags are case-sensitive)



